The Worst User Experience I Have Ever Seen
Published on December 14, 2009.
For some reason Chase “upgraded” my card to some random blah thing instead of my Freedom something something.
That’s not the point of this post.
The point is that I was looking at the ways I can redeem my bonus points.
There’s a way you can “pay yourself back” for a previous purchase you made.
It’s pretty obvious the people who handle Chase’s rewards site are total hacks.
They want you to type in the purchase date and price of something you bought .
Think about that.
You have to go grab your statement, find the date, find the price.
Then you insert it by hand.
WTF? No interface to see what you’ve bought that is eligible for redemption?
It’s like they don’t want you to redeem your points. Oh. Wait.
I titled this post “The Worst User Experience I Have Ever Seen.”
But I don’t think this even counts as an experience.
It’s more like a total disregard for usability.